hay has gone
Dave 2d here this is a device that isn't
from your standard kind of name-brand
laptop company it's from a company
called Electronics now it's not a unique
device to them this is a bare-bones
computer that they sell and I normally
stray away from bare-bones laptops
because usually fun just kind of boring
there's nothing really special about
them but this one has a unique feature
that is well it's a mechanical keyboard
and it's a good mechanical keyboard so
the keyboard has a really nice feel to
it I'm someone that enjoys mechanical
keyboards I prefer that tactile switch
from like the blue switches and stuff I
like it however I don't feel like it
brings if it doesn't make you a better
gamer I feel like it if you're if that's
what you're looking at this for like
will this make me a better gamer because
it's a mechanical keyboard I wouldn't
say that it does but it does give a more
tactile typing experience and that's
something you can't get on most laptops
regardless of what the keyboards are
like you do need like that clicky swish
to really get this feel and that's what
this laptop delivers now the layout of
this keyboard is a little bit strange
like the arrow keys and the number pad
are all clustered together there's no
negative space between them but it's
something you can get used to quite
quickly and if you're looking for a
tactile typing experience this thing
definitely delivers the trackpad uses
Windows precision drivers there's
nothing I really dislike about it and
there's lighting in this whole keyboard
area so there's lighting on the keys as
well as a light strip that's kind of
facing you I do like this light strip
this isn't the first one we've seen but
yeah I like that kind of personal glow
that it gives so the rest of the device
is also quite good so the screen is your
standard high-end gaming panel for 2018
so 144 Hertz 1080p good color accuracy
and brightness it's a really nice
looking screen it's actually the same
screen I believe as the arrow 15 now to
make use of the screen you have to have
good gaming performance and this one
delivers pretty good performance it's a
10 60 and an i7 8750 H and you're not
gonna be able to get like killer
performance right it is just a 10 60 but
you will be able to make use of that 144
Hertz screen in competitive titles like
you can't hit that kind of frame rate in
which are three but most first-person
shooters are gonna look really smooth on
this panel the thermal performance is
actually really good as well and this is
something that I'm kind of shocked by
like this is a boutique laptop company
they sell way less of these to
someone like I don't I'm not gonna name
names but there's other computer
companies out there that make laptops I
just have terrible thermals and
something like this from a small company
is just like so much better really good
thermals with lots of ventilation on the
bottom and the sides and I think they
could have put like a 1070 max-q in here
if they really wanted to so the ports on
this device are well it's a good
selection the only thing I have knock on
is that there's no Thunderbolt 3 port
there is a use PC in the back but
there's no Thunderbolt 3 port so that's
the other thing I like the ports on the
back it's something small but it's
something that I enjoy like when you
have your AC adapter connects into the
back of a laptop it just kind of gets it
out of the way and you have your display
ports in the back as well it's just a
well-designed
series of ports another thing I like in
terms of the design is that there's a
dedicated button for the turbo mode on
the fan so it's something that you can
often control through software on other
laptops but this thing has like an
actual button right beside the power
when you hit it and the fans crank up
it's something I think a lot of gamers
would use it is loud like the turbo mode
on this thing is very loud but it does
give you some incredible cooling when
you need it these speakers are located
in the bottom they don't sound
particularly great or anything they're
more of a generic sound but they're okay
in terms of the build quality there's
some good parts on there some
not-so-good parts so I looked at the top
and the keyboard deck are aluminum
they're actually quite sturdy it's well
made in terms of just you know the fact
that it's got aluminum on the important
parts the bottom panel is plastic but
it's a it's a well made plastic there's
no like play and a flex on this device
it's well made but there's one thing I
don't like about this whole device and
it's the edges it's not that they're
sharp or rough but they just feel
unfinished compared to a lot of other
aluminum devices out there it lacks that
polish or finish that some of the more
kind of premium devices would have and I
feel like I'm nitpicking on this thing
but it is something that bothers me
personally it probably doesn't bug most
people but I wish that the finishing on
the edges was a little bit better now
the design of this laptop feels a little
dated to me not that it's ugly or
anything but if you look from the
profile it's just not a sleek or modern
looking and some of the other devices
out there but it's a I guess a personal
preference thing um Oh internals pretty
easy to get into and you have access
here to RAM slots your two nvm ease as
well as your two and a half inch SATA
the battery down here is pretty small
it's 45 watt ours and I'm only getting
like 2 and a half hours of battery life
with the screen at 215 its point being
if you need to bring this to school or
work and need to last the full day
you're gonna need the charger with you
now the question is whether or not this
is worth it right I think that's like
the million dollar question with a
laptop like this if you value the
tactile keyboard experience there are
very few devices out there that'll fit
the ticket and this is one of them I do
want to leave you with one note of
caution if you use this it's allowed
keyboards you kind of keep in mind where
you plan on using this like if you want
to bring this to a library or like a
lecture hall and you want to tap away on
this thing at 90 words per minute people
are gonna hate you because it's loud but
if you use your laptop in a more like
personal environment and you don't
really care too much about the sound
that you're giving off to the other
people around you it's a good keyboard
and I think it's a really good laptop
especially for the money now boutique
devices like this are normally a little
bit cheaper than like no ultra premium
name-brand stuff so I don't think the
pricing is amazing like it's not like a
steal or anything like that but it's
fairly priced and I think the device is
good if you're looking for a pretty neat
tactile keyboard okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs we liked it
subs if you love to see you guys next
time
you